SONGS

Name: Imperfect
Release: Jan 24, 2025
Genre: Pop Ballad
About: Imperfect was the first song by The Dorm Collective, written by Caleb and Aidan during their first semester at Belmont. Recorded and released at the beginning of their second semester, it kickstarted The Dorm Collective’s journeyThis heartfelt song explores how flaws can create deep, meaningful relationships. It opens with one person dreaming of an ideal version of themselves and the perfect relationship. In responce, another voice comes and reassures them that these imperfections are what make them human and worthy of love. The final moments of the song emphasize unity and the authenticity of relationships. It ends with shared realization that no one can be everything on their own - we all need someone by our side.
Lyrics:

Name: Man In Space
Release: Feb 14, 2025
Genre: Jungle/Drum and Bass
About:

Name: Darling Girl
Release: March 28, 2025 (Under Ella Markwald)
Genre: Pop
About:
Lyrics:



PEOPLE

Name: Caleb Flores
Instrument: Voice, Producer/DAW
Major: Music Production
About: Caleb Flores is one of the many music majors at Belmont University. His musical journey began at the age of 4 where he began his 14 year violin journey. A few years later, he began his 10 year career in the Birmingham Boys Choir. In high school, he travelled the country (and globe) as a saxaphone section leader for the Homewood Patriot Marching Band and a dancer and historian for The Network show choir. Performance isn’t the only aspect of music he enjoys. He was trained by a previous Belmont graduate in Audio Engineering Technology and has been able to work for clients in multiple venues. The Dorm Collective is special to him because collaboration is what brings out his creative spark.
Email: flocal35@outlook.com

Name: Aidan McCarel
Instrument: Guitar
Major: Commercial Guitar
About: Aidan McCarel, a guitarist at Belmont University, plays all different varieties of styles and genres but succeeds heavily in making music that makes people turn the radio off. Although he lives in Philedelphia, he is a native of Ohio and a die hard Cleveland Browns fan (He “Will absolutely tattoo his body once they win a championship”). Aidan has been writing music for the better part of 4 years and has always had a passion working with and being around people. He shares a bathroom with the members of the Dorm Collective during the Fall and Spring semester
Email:

Name: Cooper Chu
Instrument: Producer/DAW
Major: Audio Engineering Technology
About:
Email:

Name: Austin Windau
Instrument: Bass Guitar
Major: Commercial Bass Guitar
About: Austin Windau is a bassist at Belmont University. His musical path started in 6th grade in his hometown of Westlake, Ohio. He’s been into music since a young age and started out as a school of rock kid. Throughout high school, he spent most of his time practicing and teaching himself everything about music. In college, he’s a part of several groups: The Dorm Collective, Scuffed Animals, and The Lizzies.  He is currently in college figuring out where in the music world he fits best.
Email:

[Others]
Name: Dean Marino
Instrument: Voice
Major: Commercial Music
About: Dean Marino is one of the most exciting upcoming acts from Belmont University. His catalog consists of 7 albums and hundreds of songs, all of which have been released to much acclaim from audiences of all varieties. A native of Sugar Land, Texas, Dean would describe his music as somewhere between Billy Joel and Carly Rae Jepsen, though he collects new influences often. Dean is thrilled to be working so closely with The Dorm Collective on various projects and thinks that collaboration is what makes music incredible.

Name: Ari Lucas
Instrument: Voice
Major: Commercial Voice
About: Ari Andelman is a songwriter at Belmont University from Washington, D.C. His notable accolades include placing 2nd in the Vocal Arts Society Competition, performing with the Temple Choir in Nashville, singing a solo in Sounds of Belmont at the Fisher Center, and performing as a lead role in the opera, The Gondoliers, at the Duke Ellington School of the Arts. So far, he has released his first single, “Step Out the Frame”, and is working at the Musicians Corner festival as an Audio Engineering intern for the summer. The Dorm Collective is something that he is proud to have collaborated with, and he hopes to work on more projects with these talented musicians in the upcoming years.